Instructions for opsSchool final project - 2018

General:

You will install a highly available spree application, publicly accessed (open to the internet), on AWS. you will need to take into consideration all the subjects learned during the training while “productizing” the site.


Part - 1. - design

You will need to provide a document that describes the system as a whole by detailing the following aspects:

Define an SLA (Service-level Agreement) for performance and availability of the site

What is the infrastructure you have chosen to implement your architecture

Add a building block schema, as well as a data flow diagram.


Part - 2 - build

Provision, deploy & monitor the site and productize it on AWS.

You will need to use the different technologies you’ve learned during the training.

You may choose to switch between different tools that serve the same purpose (for example cloudformation/terraform) as long as you implement the methodologies learned (databases, service discovery, load balancers, containers/monitoring…..))



All configuration of your project should be automated and deploied using code and configuration tools such as teraform/ansible.

best if you can completely delete your environment and build it by running your code.



Part - 3 - test

Run functional tests, stress tests and load tests.

Add a report that covers the results of your tests.

How does your system behave under load?

Explain where are the bottlenecks/weak spots in your application and how you can solve them.

In your testing, address different resources (Memory/CPU/Network/Disk IO) as well as Latency and throughput.


Part - 4 presentation

Update your document with the final design


Timeline:



12-Jun-2019 - Students to send “technical” document to instructors

18-Jun-2019 - Instructors send comments on technical document

25-Jun-2019 -  Hands on day @outbrain backed by instructors

We expect all students to come to this session after building the site with all its components

During the hands on session we will work with the students where they “got stuck” or where they need some guidance on best practices.

2-Jul-2019 - Students to present the Projects to the instructors.




